hi I'm Phil della the head of School of
Nursing and Midwifery at Curtin
University
Curtin's Nursing and Midwifery courses
are the best in Western Australia by
studying at Curtin our graduates will
have the pick of jobs in Australia and
around the world as a nurse or Midwife
you'll have the option of working
closely with people in a variety of
settings
not just clinics and hospitals but also
community practices birthing centers or
people's homes continuing growth in
health knowledge and technology means
nurses need to be fully equipped to meet
current and future patient needs while
midwives are experts in women's health
providing care to mothers before during
and after the baby's birth Curtin's
School of Nursing and Midwifery has been
producing top-quality highly respected
graduates for 35 years our teaching and
research programs are unrivaled in
Western Australia and you'll be highly
sought after on graduation our nursing
courses will offer you a strong
grounding in science with a focus on
human biology combined with integrated
training in both the social sciences and
Nursing Practice our midwifery courses
combine evidence-based theory and
clinical practice
Curtin's School of Nursing and Midwifery
offers you the only undergraduate it
will free program in the state
hi I'm Michelle I'm a graduate
registered nurse who works at the mount
hospital I chose a career in nursing
because the potential career choices are
just phenomenal you can travel the world
with it you're constantly in demand and
at the end of the day you have made a
difference to somebody's life my studies
at Curtin were fantastic they are very
nurturing they are up-to-date in the
most recent technology and nursing based
practices and the staff were fantastic
and most of them are current nurses as
well for any prospective student who
wants to pursue a career in nursing I
would definitely recommend Curtin
University take the first steps on the
journey to your dream career at the
university that educates more health
professionals than any other in the
state Curtin is Western Australia's
largest and most diverse University with
40 thousand student
from over 100 countries its main campus
is located in the Perth suburb of
Bentley just six kilometers from the
central business district bertha's long
been a favorite destination for
travelers and students renowned for its
great weather relaxed yet vibrant
environment and world-class beaches for
more information on studying Nursing and
Midwifery at curtin visit our website at
curtin edu au we hope to see you soon